My-Dolls
========

1.) Give children unconditional love              : Children need to know that your love does not depend on their accomplishments.

2.) Nurture children’s confidence and self-esteem : Praise and encourage them. Set realistic goals for them. Be honest about your 
                                                    mistakes. Avoid sarcasm.

3.) Encourage children to play                    : Play time is as important to a child’s development as food. Play helps children 
                                                    be creative, develop problem-solving skills and self-control, and learn how to 
                                                    get along with others.

4.) Enroll children in an after school activity   : Especially if they are otherwise home alone after school. 

5.) Provide a safe and secure environment         : Fear can be very real for a child.Try to find out what is frightening him or her. 
                                                     Be loving, patient and reassuring, not critical.

6.) Give guidance and discipline when necessary   : Be firm, but kind and realistic with your expectations.The goal is 
                                                    not to control the child, but to help him or her learn self-control.

7.) Communicate                                   : Make time each day after work and school to listen to your children and talk with
                                                    them about what is happening in their lives. Share emotions and feelings with your
                                                    children.

8.) Teach Them To Build Relationships

9.) Expect Effort, Not Perfection

10.) The research is very consistent: Praise effort, not natural ability.
11.) Get Happy Yourself
12.) Teach Them To Build Relationships
13.) Expect Effort, Not Perfection
14.) Teach Optimism
15.) Teach Emotional Intelligence
16.) Form Happiness Habits
17.) Teach Self-Discipline
18.) More Playtime
19.) Rig Their Environment For Happiness
20.) Eat Dinner Together
21.) Don’t Read To Your Kids, Read With Them
22.) Sleep Deprivation Makes Kids Stupid
23.) Happy Kids = Successful Kids






Food : Egg/peanut/fish fatty/beans/berries/milk and yogurt

