Check out these flexible companies that are hiring for remote jobs in India:

1. Symantec
The Symantec Corporation provides storage, security, and system management solutions designed to provide users with reduced downtime to keep their operations running smoothly. The company specializes in information storage, antivirus and malware products, encryption, and identity protection and authentication. This company seeks a remote employee in India to serve as a user authentication consultant.

2. Dotdash
Dotdash is comprised of a team of “guides” who write and report on specific topics. The goal of this organization is to provide useful information to assist readers in their daily lives. Visitors who use Dotdash have access to more than 2.8 million articles on 70,000 topics. Currently, Dotdash is looking for a guide to write content on “Doing Business in India.”

3. Facebook
Most everyone using a computer today is familiar with Facebook. This social networking company has connected millions of people from around the world and has more than 600 million users. Facebook is currently looking for a full-time freelance program manager based in New Delhi.

4. VMware
VMware offers cloud and virtualization software and services and supports businesses in streamlining their IT operations. This company employs more than 13,000 in 50 operational worldwide locations. VMware is looking for a candidate concierge and a territory sales manager in Bangalore.

5. UnitedHealth Group
UnitedHealth Group is a leading healthcare provider. The services provided by this company include clinical care resources, information and technology, and supported health benefits. Currently this company is looking to fill remote jobs in India, including a senior reporting analyst for a full-time telecommuting opportunity in Uttar Pradesh.

6. Axelerant
Axelerant began in 2008 and is comprised of telecommuting professionals who specialize in application development, support, Drupal migrations, mobile solutions, and more. Axelerant is looking to hire a Drupal themer in Delhi. Other opportunities include talent acquisition specialist, Drupal developer, and a front-end developer.

7. Xerox
Xerox has been a strong company since its launch in 1906. The company employs 150,000 people and has more than 150 office locations. Xerox manufactures document management solutions, including photocopiers, black-and-white printers, multifunction systems, and scanners. Currently, Xerox is seeking a research scientist for a full-time telecommute position in Karnataka.

8. U.S. Green Building Council
The U.S. Green Building Council is a nonprofit organization that promotes green and sustainable building practices. This organization has more than 18,000 members, 78 local affiliates, and 140,000 LEED professionals. Another full-time telecommute opportunity exists with this company as a technical solutions specialist in Gurgaon.

9. RiseSmart
RiseSmart is a talent management solutions company that provides recruitment and outplacement. This company works with corporate customers in the consumer products, government contractors, financial services, engineering, news services, food and drug, and healthcare industries. RiseSmart is seeking a career transition coach for a part-time telecommuting opportunity in Kalyani Nagar.

10. Intel
Intel is a well-known and highly regarded technology firm noted for developing the first silicon chip and random access memory for computers. Intel has employees based in 46 countries spanning the globe. Current job listings for this company, featuring some remote jobs in India, include technical writer, accounting specialist, systems engineer, and IT security consultant.

11. SAP
SAP is an enterprise software and services company with more than 65,000 employees. The company boasts client companies in more than 180 countries and is always looking for quality employees. The company provides IT management, data management, analytics, security software, and much more. Some of the key positions available with SAP include sales lead, accounts receivable collector, education channel manager, regional project manager, and more.
